The Barclays app
How to use the Barclays app to
identify yourself when shopping online
If you're shopping online,
you may be asked to identify
yourself when making a payment.
Don't worry, it's simple to do.
Let us show you how you can use
your Barclays app
to confirm that it's
you making the payment.
After you've added your card details,
select ‘use the Barclays app
from the drop-down menu,
then tap ‘Next’.
If you have push notifications enabled
you will receive an alert from us.
If you don't, watch our video on how to
switch on push notifications.
Tap on the alert to open the Barclays app,
which you'll need to log
into in the usual way.
Then simply tap to confirm
and your transaction will be complete.